EZP-31389 Document built-in URL criteria in URLService (#1061)
ezsystems/developer-documentation: docs/api/url_reference/sectionid_criterion.md

# SectionId Criterion

The [`SectionId` URL Criterion](https://github.com/ezsystems/ezplatform-kernel/blob/v1.0.0/eZ/Publish/API/Repository/Values/URL/Query/Criterion/SectionId.php)
matches URLs based on the ID of the related content Section.

## Arguments

> - `sectionIds` - array of ints representing the IDs of the related content Sections

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `sectionIds` - int(s0 representing the IDs of the related content Section(s)
```
to be consistent with the other pages

Author: In this case it has to be array of ints otherwise you get an error

## Example

``` php

> $query->query = new Criterion\SectionId(3);

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
$query->filter = new Criterion\SectionId(3);
```
